Added image to geode-mods topic (#3990)
github/explore: topics/geode-mods/index.md

display_name: Geode Mods

> short_description: This topic is for people to advertise Geode mods.

Reviewer: Usually the short description has a little context about the topic - how about:
```suggestion
short_description: Geode is a modding framework for the rhythm platformer game Geometry Dash
```

Author: yeah, i could do that :D
